Bump version to 0.0.6 and update release notes (#12)
rsutormin/WsLargeDataIO: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### Version  0.0.6

> - Updated Dockerfile and upgraded kb-sdk with patch in GHA

Reviewer: Can you add a few words about why you updated the dockerfile

### Version  0.0.6

> - Updated the Dockerfile so that the updated Docker daemon in GHA will pull the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Dockerfile base image and build commands to fix the failing build
```

Author: How about `Updated the base image and build commands in the Dockerfile to fix the failing build.`?

Reviewer: sure

Author: 👍
